Now I mentioned maturity,
most fairly mature risk assessing organizations maintain
risk registers that are used to track
the state of security risks for the entire organization.
All of that risk treatment decision-making,
that you make as an organization needs to be
captured in that risk register. Why do you keep one?
I mentioned the first objective of a risk register already.
It's to keep track of organizational risk,
and that allows you to report to stakeholders,
and your senior leadership,
the organization's risk posture.
Also, management exceptions.
When you choose not to mitigate risk or accept it,
you can demonstrate that the organization made
an informed decision and then chose not to address certain risk.
Not having those in the risk register may
signify that you didn't know about the risk in the first place.
Then finally, it also provides evidence
of an effective and mature Risk Management program.
In this way, the risk register itself acts as a security control.
Now, risk registers don't need to be complex,
they are intended to be a little recording of the risks
your organization have addressed and their associated risk treatment.
Now this slide probably looks pretty familiar,
it should look a lot like our risk assessment slide.
Remember in our risk assessment slide,
we had a risk statement, the likelihood,
the impact, any mitigating controls,
and then finally, what our residual risk is.
The only difference here is that we've added our risk treatment,
and the risk treatment demonstrates that we've thought about the risk,
and it shows what decision we've made about how we're going to treat that risk.